Dad!
I have already made a coffee for you,
I will heat it up.
No. Its ok. Please sit.
Dear, Jeetu was around
I dozed off for half an
hour and he dissapeared.
Did he inform you?
No Dad.
But he must be somewhere around near by,
will be back in sometime.
Really?
By the way, what time does he
come back from the office?
He will be back by around 7pm-7:30pm.
Watchmen was saying, he ll come
around 2-3 am in the morning.
At times he end up coming next morning.
Sometimes Dad.
But he always calls me up to
inform that he will be late.
Really?
He will call and inform you.
Do you get to know through
phone that is in the office?
cos we can call from
anywhere through moblie.
Dad,I didn't get you.
Dear,
I found a number from a website
and called to his office today.
They said, yesterday and
today was a holiday.
So do you know, where
he was from past two days?
uhmm.. No Dad.
Dear..
uh..
Among you guys...
Is everything alright?
umm..
Yes Dad. But what happened?
No nothing happened..
Now that he is 26 years old..
No idea, what kind of people he is with
Do one thing,
Keep an eye on him.
Keep checking his mobile and his
credit card bills once in a while.
Check his clothes, if there
are any lipstick marks on it.
and ya put some onions and corriender
leaves in the gravy and mix it.
and heat it for 5 more mins
Jeetu's mother also does the same thing.
Yes.
Where were you?
Went to jogg.
for sometime.
With these slippers.
I run very slow, not too fast.
Practise running properly
Ok, now give me your phone. I
need to speak to Rinku aunty.
umm.. Shall I call and
speak to Rinku aunty?
Its been a long time, haven't spoken to her
Yes, yes, Correct.
you talk to her
From Jeetu;s phone,
you call and talk to her
and tell me what happend.
I will be outside reading newspaper.
I can't handle this.
What happened, what was he saying?
He thinks you have another affair.
He asked me to check your phone.
This watchmen is getting on my nerves,
I will get him fired in this meeting
Naveen is going through  another tension
Will have the clear idea only
by evening om what to do next?
Do you really go to meet Naveen only?
Sownya, are you mad?
I am not able to handle this, you
think i can have another affair..?
Then just tell him..
you have quit the job and doing startup.
Not now.
Then when will you tell?
He will find it out
in some or the other way.
office, watchmen or anyone for that matter
Its better that you tell him before
he gets to know from someone.
Guys, I am not joking, i always got a
good numbers for the papers when my mom
wished me with the kiss
near my purple chakra.
If you guys kiss me here, our
luck will surely change.
Mandal, please let us
find the judges first.
Yogi i feel, we will focus only
on convincing Narayanmurthy
He will get convinced for sure.
I am not sure about our
entry and permissions, but
I will surely get Apoorva fired.
Hey Yogi..
Naveen!
Hey.. Anitesh!
Our favourite Ms secretory.
How are you?
How are you guys?
Had lunch?
No.. not yet.
There is a garda mutton, its so tasty
that i already ate 6 bowls of it.
you guys too get in the que,
you won't get it otherwise.
But, what are you doing here?
Are you starting up something?
Hold this for a minute.
carefull about the pastry.
On sunday,our cook will be on
leave, so I had to do start-up.
What?
What do you mean?
Every sunday there will be one or the
other e-summits or events scheduled
I just register myself and have
tasty chicken for the food.
I will give them a hint too..
Pet Pooja.om
yet no one gets to know...
By the way, what are you
guys planning to start up?
We will going on the in couple of hous,
most likely. You'll surely get to know.
What's so secretive about it?
Let us know now only.
Look, we are...
Won't the excitment die, if I
let you know everything now?
I know you from the college days, Naveen.
No one takes a dramatic
pause as good as you do.
Ok.. its fine. Don't tell.
Nothing like that
Where is Jeetu? He is
not been seen around?
Because of that ass, we are facing a
problem with entry and permissions.
Is it?
ya
We are going to talk to
a judge regarding this.
Have you seen Narayanmurthy
anywhere around?
He cancelled coming here at the last moment
They found a replacement
for him at the last moment
Heard that he is a good, very experienced
Where did I see him last?
There he is..
Just opposite to raitha
counterin a black suit.
His name is.....
Yes.. Rajath Khanna..
Mumbai Head for Mokart
Should I kiss you here or in bathroom?
Errr..!
Its been two hours now, no body is
bothering to unlock this thing.
even after having a record
participation of girls this
year. We have 5 female
entreprenuers registered
I'll tell you there has to be a
limit to gender descrimination.
I mean its everywhere..
Iin business, in sports and in films..
Do you know about the bectel test?
No..
Come.. I'll tell you. Come.
Why don't you talk to him once?
I have rejected his project on
his face and doing a startup,
There is no chance in hell.
Roger that..
See you in two.
Everything is set,
We will have our passes with
us in another 15 minutes.
What?
How?
I just spent some time on
mankind's most fcreative chair
and I made good use of it.
I have 3 amazing plans to
enter this competiton.
Yogi. no violence, no kidnapping
I have one amazing plan
to enter the competition.
Listen to me, it's full proof.
Here is the plan.
You guys think you have heard
all the masterplans before, right?
But not mine.
Some plans are effective.
Some plans are brilliant.
Mine is full-proof.
Exactly after 5 minutes,
Apoorva gets a call from the reception
she goes out to attend the call.
Mandal very cleverly covers the
CCTV camera's with Baloons.
and then my turn
What really..?
Guys Sachin is here.
Not "Sachin Tendulkar'',
"Sachin Bansal" is here
Finally all Naveen has
to do is replace Jeetu's
face on our company's profile
with somebody else's
and that guy will be
ourfake Jeetu for a day.
No.. no..no..no
Who's photo do we have to replace Jeetu's?
Don't we need a fake Jeetu with us?
Plan is full-proof Naveen.
We have the fourth guy
I just hired our first intern
Oh
and he is here
Keys are under the doormat
God Bless!
Guys, give it up for 'Chacha'..
Yogi, I am not so sure about it.
Do we have any other plan?
Then come-on guys.
Lets do this
Wait Sir..
Where are you taking these baloons inside?
It's my son's birthday
Who son?
Naveen?
There is no 'Naveen' here
No.. Naveen is here..
What's inside the baloon?
I won't give baloon's
Show me what's in the baloon's.
I won't give the baloon.
Show me now.
No.. no.
Organisers. Call the police.
No.. don't call te police.
Boss..I don't want to go back to jail
nothing..
Call the police.
Wait.. wait...Sir.
wait sir. He is with me. What happened?
If he is with you, then why
is he taking baloons inside?
You guys again?
Security, please throw them out.
They are troubling me since morning.
Come..
Sir wait. Listen.
What's going on here?
What's the problem?
Naveen?
You guys are been here since morning, you
should have come to me earlier.
What were you trying to do?
Sir, the passes.
I am really sorry. I didn't
know that you know them.
Even if I didn 't know them, how dare you
stop people from entering the competition.
I am really sorry sir.
Have they not already
registerd on the website?
Don't they have their product ready?
They do.. they do sir.
I am really sorry
So I think you should talk to the
management and get her fired.
ya we should, shouldn't we?
So that more teams shouldn't get
disqualified for a trivial rule.
It's ok sir, she was just doing her job.
Naveen..
Thanks Rajat.
Yogendra
Saurav
Thank you so much sir!
If we can ever return your favour
My uncle's actually an LIC agent!
If you need a free insurance policy...
Then here's my card!
It's OK!
You guys have worked so hard. This is
the least I can do for my ex-employee!
Thanks Rajat!
Lucky for us, we bumped into you!
That I would agree with!
Ok... Just one small thing!
Some people might feel that...
Because I know from before, I'm
allowing you to participate
So...
You know...
If there's a controversy, the event
managers will blame me for it!
Can you just get the other
teams to sign on a paper?
That they are Ok with you participating?
Others as in?
All the other teams?
Yaa...
Shouldn't take more
than half an hour!
Anyway, everyone will be
only eating lunch right now.
See, I don't want the
other teams to feel that...
The judges are biased, right?
So just for safety!
Please get the signatures! OK?
OK, the other judges are waiting for me.
I got to go.
But Rajat...
What we don't get
the signatures?
Without the other
teams' consent, I can not
allow you to talk about
your product, Naveen.
Naveen you know me!
However trivial the rules are...
You know I...
I always like to follow them!
The event's going to start.
Please get the signatures!
No, I'll be reaching in the night!
No, no. I haven't left yet!
I'll leave at around 8.
Why would I reach there, in
the morning Mr. Tulsiram!
I'll leave and reach there,
in the night itself!
It's not the railways!
Jeetu's booked me a flight ticket!
Yes. He's got promoted!
Mr. Tulsiram, can I call
you back in half an hour?
OK, I'll catch you!
What happened?
Nothing. Wanted to watch the T.V.
There's a remote here, somewhere!
Is it there?
Behind you?
What do you want to watch?
3 idiots, was going to be up!
I'm looking for it!
Have you watched it?
Yes. It keeps coming up!
I've seen it in parts!
You haven't watched
it completely?
It's a good film!
It has a good end! There's a good scene
between Madhavan and his father!
'Pati, patni aur woh!' Have you seen it?
The one with Sanjeev Kumar in it!
No. Not really!
That too is a good film!
Sanjeev Kumar, leaves his wife in it
and falls in love with another woman!
Gets screwed!
Seen it?
No. Haven't seen this particular one!
Switch on the 'Classic Channel'.
They might me playing it!
They're playing 'Baghban' for now!
It's an add break.
Why are watching these commercials?
Switch over to something else!
Was just seeing. The add world's
completely changed these days!
It used to be shampoo and oil earlier.
Now it's websites and Apps!
Have you noticed how these commercials
are on the rise these days!
Everything's being done on
the internet these days!
Even these film actors...
Are doing more commercials
for these 'Apps'.
These Apps are very
uselful, by the way!
I booked your ticket with an App as well.
No trouble!
These Apps and these companies? They're
called 'start-ups' in the beginning!
There's been a different culture for...
- Yes. So what?
Why are you explaining this to me?
No. I was talking about it just becasue...
The commercials...
You haven't got a job offer
from a start-up, have you?
Is that where you go after work?
Look...
Don't get into all of this...
The best of guys, get stuck in this
They'll say, "We don't have the money.
We'll give you shares!"
What will you do of the shares, once the
company shuts down after 6 months?
It's not that, dad..
Don't tell me what is and what's not!
I know everything!
Tell me what happened of the Umbrella
factory that Satish's son set up?
We aren't making...
Whatever you'll are making!
What's the guarantee that the company
won't shut down in 6 months?
Don'tt even think of this "start-up" thing!
OK?
OK.
The list of songs that mom had given?
Go, ge them downloaded!
GO!
Papa!
Actually, he hasn't told
you the entire story yet.
Sir... Sir you've already
taken 7 of these!
You're counting my lollipops?
You're counting the lollipops
of the start-ups founder?
Is this your father's wedding?
Put in more!
Anitesh! Listen.
Anitesh! There's a small problem!
This is a big problem!
So has anyone signed yet?
No. But everyone's asking the same thing.
That is why I've come to you!
Can you please sign it?
Just let me finsh this 'Ras-malai', yes?
I'll be back in 2 minutes,
and then sign it, yes?
Just a minute.
Do you want a pen?
No. I think I'm getting a call.
Karunesh!
Yes. Yes Karunesh!
Yes, tell me!
There's no more Maggi at home?
Can you just sign here for us?
Dude... Go away!
Have you heard about the Nazar
Rakhsha Kawach? It's very helpful
My uncle's sister? A guy
used to eve-tease her...
Helllo? Dude if you talk dirty to Siri,
ofcourse your phone will hang on you!
No!
Go away dude!
But you guys...
Really?
No!
What? You made an omelette?
I'd got those eggs to wash my hair!
Anitesh! Sign it please!
Arrgh! I think it's loose motions!
I'll be back!
No!
And ofcourse... Please keep in mind...
That all teams have to end their
presentations within 5 minutes!
Now...
Before we start the main event of this
year's Pond's Men Energized Entrepreneur
Please... Give a big round of applause...
For the third judge of the day...
Mr. Rajat Khanna.
You know...
When these guys approached me
to be a judge for this event...
The first question I asked was..
Why me?
I mean I can understand why Kunal
and Shailesh are here. But...
I'm not the C.E.O. of a... What..?
400 million dollar...
- Just a liitle more!
Well. 400 million dollar and
counting, company like FreeCharge!
And I'm not the young and dynamic G.M.
of a transportation giant like Uber!
We're still a start-up!
And I'm certainly not Narayan Murthy!
So they said, "No, no. You've been a...
An integral member of the MoKart team
And so you're responsible for it's
expansion in over 50 countries.
I said, "Yes, I was
certainly a member of the
team. But whether I was
integral or not...
...only my Board of
Directors can tell you.
You know... The real reason...
I want to be here... And I'm here today...
Is you guys!
I mean, look at this. This is amazing!
It makes my heart burst with joy to see
a room full of young entrepreneurs!
You know... You guys are creating a
revolution. And you don't even know it!
Mark my words...
The face of this nation
is going to be changed...
Not by politicians or film-stars...
It's going to be changed by...
Entrepreneurs!
- So, without taking up much more of your
time, let's get going. Good Luck everyone!
It's OK dude!
We tried!
Don't worry about it now!
Head back home, then?
If we take the highway, we'll
also avoid the highway!
Shut him up, Yogi!
But Naveen, for once I agree with him.
Already, a lot's happened today!
Let's not screw ourselves by
getting up onto the stage now!
Come. Let's go back.
No Yogi!
We can't just go back!
We've been fighting since
so many days, for this one!
We won't get to meet so many
investors in one place again.
We're definitely getting on to the stage!
But what will we do after
going on the stage?
What work will you do in your start-up?
Coding!
If coding's what you wanted to do, what's
the point of quitting such a good company?
Dad, how do I explain this to you?
- No. No. Explain it!
But look into my eyes and talk!
Dad. There is no job
satisfaction in this job!
There is no fun in working
in such companies.
Fun.
You work for fun ?
I have been working in a
bank for 32 years. For fun?
I manage other people's account for fun?
It's because I get my salary
on the first day of the month.
You had such a nice job.
PF..LTA.. You had everything.
Left everything and started
this after marriage !
Anyways, let it be.
You  have a  good resume.
Start applying for jobs!
You'll find one in 2-3 months.
Okay?
Papa I have already...
Papa, it's not okay.
He wants to stay a
part of the startup.
Aren't you guys getting it?
Suppose that the company doesn't work..
Startup fails! Then what will you'll  do ?
But atleast give him a chance to fail.
I see a ditch right infront,
should I let him fall?
During your board exams I was supposed to
be sent to jaipur as the branch manager.
I didn't take the promotion so that changing
schools wouldn't affect your studies!
I have always told you, "Study
how much ever you want..
I will take a loan and pay for it.
And today too, I'm stopping
you for your own good
But dad, till when will
you think about his good?
As a parent all you can do is...
Prepare him.
So that he can deal with his  problems.
And you have done that.
You can teach a kid but...
...he'll have to give his
own exam, wouldn't he?
Okay then, there is no point
in me saying anything.
Papa, even you had taken the risk of
leaving the promotion for his future..
And now when he is leaving
his job for his own future...
have atleast some faith in him.
You believe in a
25 year old company ...
How can I believe in a company that is new
and consists of 4 inexperienced younsters!
Papa,even that 25 year old company would
have someday started with just four people.
And the day that 1 company started...
99 other similar companies shutdown.
Probability, Jitu.
1/100
If you had learnt that chapter
properly then your rank...
and decision,
both would have been better.
Papa, listen..
Papa, please wait..
Sorry.
It's because of me....
Why are you crying?
He wouldn't have waited.
Shouldn't have told him
anything, in the first place!
Are you mad! Stop crying.
Please stop...
Shouldn't have said anything.
Do you know, no one has ever done
something like this for me before!
You tried! But believe me,
he would've never waited.
Why are you being sorry?
I should be thanking you.
Okay now stop.
Listen..
We had an arrange marriage
so I've never told you...
that..
I love you.
I love you too.
Sorry sorry for interupting but..
I cannot order mattresses,curtains
anything else on the app?
No, not even pillow covers..
and I, am proud of it.
We here at pillow willow are
focusing only on one thing..
Pillows.
Atleast for the next three quarters.
We want to be like Flipkart.
but..
only for pillows.
But..
But flipkart already has pillows, right?
I guess that's about it, you can carry on.
Alright. Thank you.
Nishant and team everyone.
Next up, we have team no. 22.
Please welcome Naveen Bhansal,
Saurabh Mandal from IIM Indore.
and Yogendra Pandey
Guys, the stage is yours
for the next five minutes.
Hello everyone.
I'm Naveen Bhansal.
I'm sure every one of you
have met either me or
one of my team members
in the past one hour.
We are the same guys who were like
pleading, begging...
And in some cases, even threatening you!
To get one lousy signature on this page..
which says its okay for us to present
our product on this stage..
but..
as you can see ofcourse,
we didn't even come close.
Well, I am really sorry Naveen but
I am afraid I can't allow you to go on
It wouldn't be fair to the other teams if
I allow you to talk about your product..
so could we have the next
team on stage please ?
But Sir you said..
We're not allowed to present
our product on stage...
But I still have my 5 minutes, right?
Okay you have..
4 minutes 20 seconds.
I have some friends in the U.S.
Who work in the  silicon valley
They say that over there when an
entrepreneur comes up with a startup..
the first question people
ask him is, "What?"
"What is the product?"
And in India instead of what..
people ask "Why?"
Why entrepreneurship ?
Today we are facing a similar challenge.
Like nobody is willing to
listen to our "What?"
So let me talk about..
The why.
Why entrepreneurship?
Don't know.
May be I was fed up of my well
wisher boss, in my corporate job.
Or maybe I got too inspired from
Social network or Wolf of Wall Street.
Or maybe
I always loved solving real life problems
Okay, do you guys remember..
In 90's we used to get free tazoos
inside a packet of chips?
Those gold shiny disc tazoos which had
cartoon characters drawn on it.
I used to be like crazy about them.
You know all I wanted was
100s and 100s of tazos.
Which I could store in an empty jam jar.
But my pocket money let me buy
only one packet a week.
where my friends had 25-30
I could manage only five.
Now you guys would be thinking,
'It's such a trivial problem..
But at that point of time for a 10 year old
kid it was a huge life problem
And it needed to be solved.
Then a thought occured to me..
I sat at home and I
scratched all the tazos..
using coins, till they got white.
Next day when I went to school
news spread...
that Naven has a special kind of  tazos.
Blank tazos.
On which you can draw your own
favourite cartoon character.
And suddenly everybody wanted it.
People were ready to exchange
their 5- 10..20 tazos
Just to get that one special tazo.
Later, a month later, I
went to the shop, again..
But..
not to buy a packet of chips..
But a new jam jar.
That was my life's first buisness model.
I had many ventures, after that as well!
In school, using my computer I wrote CDs.
In college using local sponsors
I published my own magazine.
But between then and now...
There's a very prominent difference.
Today I am scared.
Competition is so ruthless.
You know standing here today..
I don't feel like an entrepreneur. I feel
as if I'm a contestant in a reality show!
And I'm going to get eliminated,
without even performing.
Actually today's judge
My ex boss Mr. Rajat Khanna had
sumed up the competition in a...
very simple sentence.
He says that in today's
date you'll find a startup
founder sitting in atleast
2 out of 3 cubicals.
Then where do I stand in between
so many people.
I will start doubting my capability.
Then I thought what do
those 'Big entrepreneurs'
who came before me
have, that I don't .
I have my education, my wits.
I have a team that stands resolutely behind me.
Then technically I should be
successfull  as well, right?
Well not necessarily.
You know those guys had one more
extra thing in common
which was perhaps the most crucial thing.
They refused to give up.
You can take any entrepreneur's biography..
It's filled with phrases.
Like, 'A  shot in the dark'.
'Fighting against the odds.'
'Exploring uncharted territories.'
Then why am I scared to fail at..
such an early stage.
Nobody invented an engine their first time.
Nobody discovered an island their first time
but they kept on trying, they kept working.
If the room is dark and you want to
switch on the bulb..
Try all the switches!
Some or the other will
definitely do the job.
Gandhiji once said..
"If you have any problem in life..
It's got only one solution..
Grind your feet, and work for it!"
These mentors, angel investors, events these
external factors are not in my hand..
I have control only over my work..
And whenever I get the opportunity,
I'll work my ass off and kill it.
A similar opportunity was tried to be
taken away from me today!
I could have given up and gone back.
But I chose to stand
here and face you guys.
Because entrepreneurs do not
lose out on opportunities.
Rajat you'd told me that I can't
be on stage and sell my product.
So I sold myself.
Thanks guys.
What was the need to be a hero?
Everyone likes Rajat
And you insulted him on stage.
It will generate negative publicity.
Atleast we're getting publicity.
Anyway who cared about us.
Atleast in this way we
got 4 visiting cards.
All were the "Call my secretary" type.
You know "Call my secretary", right?.
We're not getting a meeting
atleast for a month.
It is better than getting no visting cards.
I googled it.
When did Gandhiji say
"Grind your feet, and work for it!"
Yeah. That I was only blabbering!
Ahaan! Naveen!
Only blabbering, haan?
You copy pasted the third year Hindi
Elocution speech again, didn't you!
No, I feel if you add a
celebrity name after
a quote then it has double the impact!
Why are you so happy?
Uncle left in anger.
What will you do when he comes back
We'll see when it happens!
You had sex, didn't you!
What are you doing, Yogi.
It's 8 in the evening.
Naveen Bhansal?
Brilliant speech today, man.
Social media is going crazy with your video.
You've  replaced Rahul Yadav.
All founders...
all VCs are only talking about you.
Infact..
a while ago
Arun Jaitley tweeted about you.
What! really?
Just kidding.
You didn't do anything that big.
But
There's an article about
you in "Yourstory".
By the way, I am Punith.. I work
for a VC firm and this is my card.
I saw your idea in Nascom comclave.
Quite interesting.
Why don't you guys drop in at
our office for a pitch sometime.
Sure.
We would love too.
So.
Call my secretay.
Infact you know what scratch that..
I am free on Thursday afternoon..
What are you guys doing?